My name is **Ángel Saúl Sáyago Leiba**, and I graduated from the **Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León [(UANL)](https://www.uanl.mx)** with a degree in **Information Technology Security**. At first, I started studying Systems Engineering, but thanks to my professors, circumstances, and my lack of interest at the time, I dropped out. However, since before **(~2017)**, I had been very interested in the world of application development, so I began to "teach myself".

My focus at all times was and has been to do things and do them well, very well. Starting with the basics: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, algorithms, databases. Moving on to infrastructure, testing, CI/CD, cloud, and AI. Focusing on frameworks and libraries that facilitate my work and the creation of new apps for myself and my clients.

As is obvious from the design of my website, I am learning Mandarin; I really like Chinese culture, history, traditions, architecture, cuisine<span className="text-symbol">\*</span>, and politics; I find it fascinating in every way. Just like the <span className="font-zi text-symbol">如意金箍棒</span> of <span className="font-zi text-symbol">孙悟空</span> that was used to measure the depth of the seas, <span className="font-zi text-symbol">中国</span> and its **“5,000”** years of history stand out as an immovable, extremely heavy, and magical <span className="font-zi text-symbol">国</span>. We must learn the best from it and incorporate it into our respective cosmogony.

<span className="text-symbol">\*</span>My father is a chef and, for as long as I can remember, he has worked in his restaurant **(El Dragón de Oro)** making Chinese food; I guess that's where something awakened in me, haha.
